vars: do not error if variable not present in pack (#315)
hashicorp/nomad-pack: CHANGELOG.md

* template: Render other templates than jobspecs inside `templates/` [[GH-303](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack/pull/303)]
* template: Automatically format templates before outputting [[GH-311](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack/pull/311)]
* template: Skip templates that would render to just whitespace [[GH-313](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack/pull/313)]

> * vars: Produce a warning, not an error, if variable overrides refer to variables not present in the pack [[GH-315](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack/pull/315)]

Reviewer: Should we update the changelog?

```suggestion
* vars: Add flag to ignore variables provided in the given var-files unused by the pack [[GH-315](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack/pull/315)]
```

Author: Ooof, YES. Thanks, Charlie.
